Ensure Jabbax and Plug are loaded before defining a module in which they're required (#54)
surgeventures/surgex: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [4.15.1]

> -  Make sure
> 
>     1. Jabbax is loaded before we define `Surgex.Parser`
>     2. Plug is loaded before we define `Surgex.Sentry`
> 
> to avoid compilation issues in apps that depend on Surgex.

Reviewer: I know the function is `ensure_loaded?/1` but it's mostly used to verify if a module is available, so I'd reword this changelog:

```suggestion
-  Fix optional dependency on `Jabbax` and `Plug` by:

    1. defining `Surgex.Parser` only if `Jabbax` is available
    2. defining `Surgex.Sentry` only if `Plug` is available
```

Author: Wouldn't it try to load them if it's not there first anyway?
But the version you suggested makes more sense and looks better, so thank you!

Reviewer: @andreyuhai yes, it tries to load them if not loaded yet, but in the end returns a boolean saying if it's available or not.

Author: Yeap, got it, thank you! 🙇
